Doc'd support for assistive technologies in the admin. (#17339)
django/django: docs/faq/admin.txt

Depending on feature support, there *may* be minor stylistic differences
between browsers. These are considered acceptable variations in rendering.

> What assistive technologies are supported for using the admin?

Reviewer: I'm nor sure this reads well, maybe:

```suggestion
What assistive technologies are supported in the admin?
```

Reviewer 2: Perhaps "by the admin"?

==============================================================

> We want the admin to be compatible with wide range of assistive

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We want the admin to be compatible with a wide range of assistive
```

> technologies, but are aware of many blockers currently. We intend to support

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
technologies, but are aware of many current blockers. We intend to support
```
What's the intended meaning of "are aware of many blockers currently"? 🤔 The blockers are current? If so then "many current blockers".

Author: 👍 "we are currently aware of many blockers" sounds much better

all latest versions of major assistive technologies, including
JAWS, NVDA, VoiceOver iOS, TalkBack, Dragon, VoiceOver macOS, Voice Control,

> ZoomText, Windows Contrast Themes, and screen magnifiers.

Reviewer 4: Can we somehow avoid "we"?

Reviewer 4: For example: `The admin is intended to be compatible with ...`

Author: 👍 I can try if we want to, but was also trying hard to avoid passive voice :) I’ll try to think of another sentence.

> ZoomText, Windows Contrast Themes, and screen magnifiers.

Reviewer 4: Do you think it's worth mentioning so many utilities? :thinking:

Author: Not necessarily, I just did this to match what’s done right above for browser support. I’d have felt odd to me to single out specific browsers but not assistive tech.

Reviewer 4: Fine for me, but you have to promise to remove unmaintained options from this list in the future :wink:

Author: I promise!

Reviewer: I wonder if it's maybe better to mention classes of technologies, "screen readers" rather than listing JAWS, NVDA, etc.

Author: @knyghty could you explain why? From my perspective it felt important to match what is done right above for browser support, where I imagine we could also just say "modern browsers" for simplicity but it’s probably clearer for everyone if we mention specific names.

Reviewer: Well, fine for me, but you have to promise to remove unmaintained options from this list in the future... and add new ones. Do you think you'll remember?

Author: Promise

> ZoomText, Windows Contrast Themes, and screen magnifiers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ZoomText, Windows Contrast Themes and screen magnifiers.
```

Just FYI commas before "and" is only correct when joining independent clauses.

Author: Doesn’t the removal of the comma make it sound like screen magnifiers are only a Windows thing?

Reviewer 3: Actually you're originally right, looks like _not_ using the "serial comma" is a thing in my country (and I was wrong about it "not being correct" as it's still acceptable) but it's common in US english. 😅

It's better to use it, as they say in The Zen of Python: "Explicit is better than implicit." 👍
